Lets just finish the project so i have something to show and i'll revamp it if necessary,
i think it looks pretty good as it is currently so no need to put in all the change. 
Find a colour that fits with the blue background in the portfolio, perhaps switch the colour scheme of the portfolio with the resume


Have a very flashy homepage then have the page scroll up with the sidebar sticking to the top once fully scrolled down and then have the rest of the page look like blackrockdigital's. I think that'd be sick, plus also i get to use the sticky sidebar that i've already made before :D

Notes with Nicole
https://blackrockdigital.github.io/startbootstrap-resume/
sidebar, try a darker teal colour.
http://themoment.is/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/1-shades-of-teal.png
-in left sidebar, try Portrait, Name, then sections

the light blue is too colorful(fun?) for my resume, resume should be white ideally to be professional and easy to read, maybe make the picture section light blue.


MASTER TODO List:
-Check compatibility with mobile screens, things should shrink and not overlap when set to a reasonably small size(the left sidebar stays the same width, so does the header)
-Find a way to get the left sidebar to stay visible as you scroll through the document.
-text overflow is hidden, consider setting height to min height and allowing height to expand with content(when screen gets skinny or on mobile)

---- Thoughts and Ideas

So I kind of want to emulate Bonadriel.com, first thing you see is a big background picture, with a circle profile photo of myself, my name and/or a quick introduction("Hi, I'm Paul")

I like his idea of having a background, where he styles every <p> or every div to look like a page(he has shadows around the edges of the white background) I'll have to figure out how to style the divs to be like that, make a class for content page or something and maybe a more ambient background colour instead of bon's bright blue.

It's hard to do his implementation of the background with pages in the center because mine is left aligned with the menu on the sidebar. Consider moving the sidebar to become a topbar menu, sticky so that after you scroll past the photo it'll rise to the top

Probably going to have to make the topbar menu, take a look at Zach's website, extra space on the sides can be mitigated just by centering text and leaving the sides(maybe make the background for the entire thing a very mild white ish colour, paper white or something)

Apparently text card looks very bad so change it to the generic scroll down website

----

I like what i've come up with, with the line divider. TODO for next time, make sure everything is center aligned, and remove the random whitespace between the header and the aboutme section

----
Whitespace removed, now we need to add the next content, my CV.

possible background colour codes:
https://coolors.co/f4f4f4-0d1321-1d2d44-3e5c76-748cab
https://coolors.co/f4f4f4-000000-cf5c36-7c7c7c-efc88b
// i really like the dark coral(cf5c36) and the light blue(3e5c76)
//theme i'm thinking of is white, navy blue(light), white(for resume), dark coral.

I need to not just take my resume and put the screenshot on my site, i should actually write it and format it in the html. a good example is Zach's personal website.

Consider a way to use javascript to change the text colour of the left sidebar when scrolling through areas that have a darker background colour

---------

could also keep the sidebar at the top and just have a "to top of page" button as user scrolls down.

Add the Contact and Portfolio sections
